# Hello-World
Tutorial thing
Description: Part weeb, part gamer, part funny, all twat. I am so new to this I want to die end my existential crisis please I'm not joking this is a serious cry for help i didnt ask to be born I hurt myself daily just to know what is like to feel, I've become so numb I've become so numb, I can't feel you there Become so tired, so much more aware I'm becoming this, all I want to do Is be more like me and be less like you,[Chester Bennington (Mike Shinoda):] Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control? 'Cause everything that you thought I would be Has fallen apart right in front of you. (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow) Every step that I take is another mistake to you. (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow) And every second I waste is more than I can take. I've become so numb, I can't feel you there,Become so tired, so much more awareI'm becoming this, all I want to do Is be more like me and be less like you. And I know I may end up failing too. But I know You were just like me with someone disappointed in you.I've become so numb, I can't feel you there,Become so tired, so much more aware. I'm becoming this, all I want to do Is be more like me and be less like you. I've become so numb, I can't feel you there. (I'm tired of being what you want me to be) I've become so numb, I can't feel you there. (I'm tired of being what you want me to be) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------HA HA HA IM SO FUNNY WHAT A WASTE OF MY FUCKING TIME.
